New destination connection tracking + tracking checkbox (#533)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/connectivity/manage-your-connections.md

That being said, even in this case, we advise you to choose between the two options, instead of choosing `Others`. The question you should ask yourself here is _"Do I wish to have a monitoring of the flows that are going out or the flows that are going in?"_.
:::

# Enable the tracking

For each connection, you can choose whether you want to track it in the [connection dashboard](connection-dashboard.html).  

> To do so, select the `Track in the connection dashboard` checkbox, in the connection settings screen of the connection for which you want to enable the tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, select the `Track in the connection dashboard` checkbox, in the connection setting screen of the connection you want to track.
```

![Track checkbox](track-checkbox.html)

::: warning
`Others` connections can't be tracked. Indeed, we wouldn't know what to track about them.  
If you want to track the data entering your PIM, [change your connection flow type](#choose-your-flow-type) to `Source`.  
If you want to track the data that is pulled out of the PIM by your connector, [change your connection flow type](#choose-your-flow-type) to `Destination`.
:::

::: info
You can deactivate the tracking whenever you want.  

> We will stop tracking the connection immediately and you won't be able to select it in the filters of the connection dashboard. However, all the data collected in the past for this connection will still be taken into account in KPIs that show sums for all your connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will stop tracking the connection immediately and you won't be able to select it in the filters of the connection dashboard. However, all the data collected in the past for this connection will still be taken into account in KPIs that show sums for all your connections.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand the 2nd sentence here :-)

Author: Yup, we need to chat about this. Not really easy to explain here.

Author: ```suggestion
We will stop tracking the connection immediately and you won't be able to select it in the filters of the connection dashboard. However, note that all the data collected up to that point for this connection will still appear in some KPIs.
```
